docs: add posts on managing subscription plans (#667)
devopness/devopness: docs/billing-and-plans/cancel-active-paid-plan.md

> ---

Reviewer: I suggest rename the files to emphasize the word `subscription`.

cancel subscription
upgrade subscripton
etc

Author: Solved in d1c5360

---

> title: Cancel Active Paid Subcription Plan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Cancel Active Subcription Plan
```

> intro: Sometimes the project needs may change and the current active plan does not fit your project needs. Cancel your currentactive plan to ensure you will not be charged further.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro: Sometimes the project needs may change and the current active plan does not fit your project needs. Cancel your currently active plan to ensure you will no longer be charged on that plan.
```

links:
    overview:
    quickstart:
    previous:
    next:
    guides:
    related:
    featured:
---

1. On Devopness, in the upper-right corner of any page, click your profile icon then click `Billing & plans`

>     > This page shows the current subscription plan information including: plan name, credit limit, remaining credits and expiration date.

Reviewer: Aren't we adding an extra burden on our docs maintenance by adding notes about attributes that the user will be able to see by herself when she access the web page?
What are the benefits here?
I'd rather keep things simpler, short and straight to the point.

Author: ```suggestion
```

Agreed, removing the line from doc

1. Click `MANAGE YOUR PLAN`

>     > This will open your billing page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > This will redirect you to the billing management page
```

> 1. In `Current subscription` section, click `Cancel my subscription` and follow the prompts

Reviewer: Our docs used to mention that in a separate step, to make it easier for the reader to digest the info: https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Adevopness%2Fdevopness%20prompts&type=code

Are you here suggesting a new approach for instructing users on how to follow the prompts and ditch the current pattern? 🤔 

Benefits?

Author: ```suggestion
1. In `Current subscription` section, click `Cancel my subscription`
1. Follow the prompts to complete the subscription cancellation
```

@jfoliveira agreed, would this be better aligned with the Devopness tone?

Reviewer: Better!
